Fix View property / Analyzer features + scoring remarks (#983)
arangodb/docs: 3.10/aql/functions-arangosearch.md

  - BM15 for *b* = `0` (corresponds to no length normalization)
- returns **score** (number): computed ranking value

{% hint 'info' %}
The Analyzers used for indexing document attributes must have the `"frequency"`
feature enabled. The `BM25()` function will otherwise return a score of 0.
The Analyzers should have the `"norm"` feature enabled, too, or normalization

> will be disabled, which is not meaningful for BM25.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be disabled, which is not meaningful for BM25 (unless BM15 mode is used).
```

  normalized. The default is *false*.
- returns **score** (number): computed ranking value

{% hint 'info' %}
The Analyzers used for indexing document attributes must have the `"frequency"`
feature enabled. The `TFIDF()` function will otherwise return a score of 0.

> It is recommended that the Analyzers have the `"norm"` feature enabled, too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is required that the Analyzers have the `"norm"` feature enabled, too if `normalization=true` is used.
```
